docs: note prove evm GPU acceleration via the halo2-gpu feature (#2943)
openvm-org/openvm: docs/vocs/docs/pages/book/getting-started/install.mdx

Reviewer: We updated this, no?

Author: Not sure

It is possible to install the OpenVM CLI with support for Nvidia GPUs. This requires installation on a machine with an Nvidia GPU and associated drivers (see [Installation Prerequisites (CUDA)](#installation-prerequisites-cuda))

With this version of the CLI, the `prove app` and `prove stark` commands will utilize the Nvidia GPU for hardware acceleration. To also run the EVM proof (`prove evm`) on the GPU, build with the `halo2-gpu` feature in place of `cuda`. Currently only single GPU support is available through the CLI.

### Installation Prerequisites (CUDA)

You will need all of the common prerequisites listed [above](#installation-prerequisites). In addition, you will need to have a machine with
- Nvidia GPU drivers [installed](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/tesla/driver-installation-guide/index.html#)
- CUDA toolkit [installed](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/archive/12.9.0/cuda-installation-guide-linux/index.html)

> EVM proofs (`prove evm`, built with the `halo2-gpu` feature) are the most memory-intensive step: the halo2 GPU prover needs noticeably more GPU and host memory than `prove app` or `prove stark`. Use a GPU and machine with more memory if you plan to generate EVM proofs.

Reviewer: Put this in a warning block, and add an actual memory bound (ex. 32 GB of memory or smth)

It is possible to install the OpenVM CLI with support for Nvidia GPUs. This requires installation on a machine with an Nvidia GPU and associated drivers (see [Installation Prerequisites (CUDA)](#installation-prerequisites-cuda))

With this version of the CLI, the `prove app` and `prove stark` commands will utilize the Nvidia GPU for hardware acceleration. To also run the EVM proof (`prove evm`) on the GPU, build with the `halo2-gpu` feature in place of `cuda`. Currently only single GPU support is available through the CLI.

### Installation Prerequisites (CUDA)

You will need all of the common prerequisites listed [above](#installation-prerequisites). In addition, you will need to have a machine with
- Nvidia GPU drivers [installed](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/tesla/driver-installation-guide/index.html#)
- CUDA toolkit [installed](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/archive/12.9.0/cuda-installation-guide-linux/index.html)

:::warning

> EVM proofs (`prove evm`, built with the `halo2-gpu` feature) are the most memory-intensive step. The halo2 GPU prover uses considerably more memory than `prove app` or `prove stark`; it was tested on a 32 GB GPU, with peak resident memory around 25 GB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CUDA EVM proving (`prove evm` built with the `halo2-gpu` feature) is the most memory-intensive part of the proving flow, using considerably more GPU memory than `prove app` or `prove stark`. Expect peak GPU memory usage to be at least 25 GB, and we recommend using a GPU with at least 32 GB of available memory.
```
